Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Michael and Sarah, or Cochise, as he's known to millions.
Cochise is...
It was good of you to meet me here in the forest, along the trail, but why have you built a fire?
Cochise does not have a fur coat as you do, Smokey.
It was cold in the forest, so I built this fire to warm by just as many hunters and fishermen do.
But see how carefully I have built it, how I have scraped the leaves and pine needles away and cleared a space a good four feet across down to the bare earth.
I have kept the fire small because that is all one needs to stay warm or even for cooking.
Hunters and fishermen and others would be wise to do as Cochise does when they build a warming fire or a campfire in the forest or near grassland.
My people never leave a fire alone, untended, even for one minute.
And we always put our fires out with water, plenty of water.
And that way, the trees are kept green and growing, and the homes of the wild animals and birds are kept free from wild fire.
These are things all of us must do because it is foolish and dangerous to be careless with fire.
But tell me, Smokey, why did you want to see Cochise?
To ask your help in preventing forest fires, Cochise, as you have just done.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Ancer, the Sons of the Pioneers have a special song for you.
It's not Cherikawa, more on the Cherokee side, about a beautiful Indian maiden called Nahani.
Long ago t'was here I know, lived the fairest Indian maid, daughter of a chieftain brave.
Here beside the lake she stayed.
Far and near the waters clear.
Blessed her from their deep domain.
Blessed her with this lovely name.
Honey, it must be she is heaven's daughter.
For her eyes and the skies form the lake's clear water.
Sunlight plays dancing rays while the nipples bless her.
On the shore evermore where the waves caress her.
Far along the shimmering shore, the shallow waters clear.
Echo to her lovely voice as she is drawing near.
See her smile all the while for the sunbeams totter.
To be gay all the way, honey, clear water.
Honey.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department.
along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to, that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we say hello there again, and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-stip in the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh,
Thank you.